a few more improvements (#99)
JuliaCollections/AbstractTrees.jl: docs/src/faq.md

All of this means that you are unlikely to get type-stable code from AbstractTrees.jl without some
effort.

> The simplest way around this is to define the `eltype` of tree iterators via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest way around this is to define the `NodeType` and `nodetype` traits (analogous to `Base.IteratorEltype` and `Base.eltype`:
```

Author: Another comment I failed to change since changing the interface, fixed.

```julia

> Base.NodeType(::Type{<:ExampleNode}) = HasNodeType()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AbstractTrees.NodeType(::Type{<:ExampleNode}) = HasNodeType()
```

Author: Good catch, fixed.
